Mom, I'm here to see you again.
Good news for you.
I'm pregnant.
Lately, I've been dreaming about you all the time.
I think you also want to meet the child.
Mom, don't worry.
I have a good time with Four Peaks
Sifeng and my mother took good care of me
For fear that the fetus will be affected
Nian Nian, stop crying
Affect the fetus
Mom, go talk to Xueqing too
Xueqing, it's been three years
But everything seems like it just happened yesterday
How are you doing there?
Did you kick the quilt when sleeping?
Did you eat on time?
Is your temper still as stubborn as before?
Xueqin, although it is wrong
But he is the child that his mother has raised for more than 20 years
Don't worry about it.
People are dying
I don't blame him anymore.
Mom, I'm a little tired
Let's go home.
Um go home
helpless
Bring cold rain and late wind
Don't catch a cold